CSS Flexbox (Flexible Box Layout):
CSS Flexbox, or simply Flexbox, is a powerful layout model introduced in CSS3 to efficiently distribute space and align content in a container, even when their sizes are unknown or dynamic. It provides a more predictable and efficient way to design layouts and align items within a container. Flexbox is particularly useful for creating responsive and complex layouts with ease.

Key Concepts:

Flex Container:
To create a Flexbox layout, you need a flex container. It's an element that contains one or more flex items.
Apply display: flex; or display: inline-flex; to make an element a flex container.

Flex Items:
Flex items are the children of a flex container.
They are the elements you want to arrange within the container.
Flex items can be any HTML elements.

Main Axis and Cross Axis:
Flexbox operates along two axes: the main axis and the cross axis.
The main axis is the primary axis along which flex items are laid out.
The cross axis is perpendicular to the main axis.

Flex Container Properties:

display: flex;
Converts an element into a flex container.
By default, the main axis runs horizontally (left to right).

display: inline-flex;:

Converts an element into an inline flex container.
Useful for creating inline flex layouts.

flex-direction: Defines the direction of the main axis (row, row-reverse, column, column-reverse).

flex-wrap: Determines whether flex items should wrap onto multiple lines if they overflow the container.

justify-content: Aligns flex items along the main axis.
Options include flex-start, flex-end, center, space-between, and space-around, among others.

align-items: Aligns flex items along the cross axis.
Options include flex-start, flex-end, center, baseline, and stretch.

align-content: Controls alignment of multiple lines of flex items along the cross axis when they wrap.
Similar options to align-items.



Flex Item Properties:

flex-grow: Determines how much a flex item should grow relative to other items when extra space is available.

flex-shrink: Controls how much a flex item should shrink when there's not enough space.

flex-basis: Specifies the initial size of a flex item.
Can be set to a fixed value or a percentage.

flex (Shorthand): Combines flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis in one declaration.

order: Specifies the order in which flex items are displayed within the container.
Items with lower order values appear first.

Additional Concepts: Nested Flex Containers: You can have flex containers within flex containers, creating nested layouts.

Alignment: You can align items both along the main axis and the cross axis, offering precise control over alignment.

Responsive Design: Flexbox is ideal for creating responsive layouts that adapt to different screen sizes.

Browser Compatibility: Flexbox is well-supported in modern browsers, making it a reliable choice for layout design.
