

Position:
Position Property is used to keep the element to a certain Position in the UI.
usually there are 5 types of Positions. static,absolute,fixed,relative,sticky.

By defalut all elements are static. Offsets like top,bottom,left,right not have any impact on static.

Relative: it moves relative to its parent. for example an element with position-relative and left-100px will move 100px left side from its previos position in parent

Absolute: In absolute element consider window as parent and if left 100px given , it moves 100px from window not parent.

Fixed: fixed also consider window as parent same as absolute but it won't get affected by scrolling

sticky: sticky is nothing but relative+fixed.

Z-index: it is used when multiple element colllide in same space, the one with more z-index will appear over the ones with less z-index


CSS Positions:

1. Static: HTML elements are positioned static by default. Static positioned elements are not   affected by the top, bottom, left, and right properties. 
   Imapct of margin or padding. Object can't move. it is always positioned according to the normal flow of the page.
2. Relative: Object can move. It is positioned relative to its normal position. If want gap from its actual placed position then use it. It work with left,
   right, top, bottom properties.
3. Fixed: Not allow to scroll up or down. is positioned relative to the viewport, which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled. 
   The top, right, bottom, and left properties are used to position the element. The element is positioned relative to the browser window
4. Absolute: it is work with relative i.e, w.r.t parent. It is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor (instead of positioned relative to the 
   viewport, like fixed). if an absolute positioned element has no positioned ancestors, it uses the document body, and moves along with page scrolling.
5. Sticky: An element with position: sticky; is positioned based on the user's scroll position. Internet Explorer does not support sticky positioning. 
   You must also specify at least one of top, right, bottom or left for sticky positioning to work. Use for to create menu.