CSS Pseudo-classes:

    Pseudo-classes are used to select and style elements based on their special states or positions in relation to other elements.

    pseudo selectors  -- all pseudo selectors starts with : 

    Syntax: 
    selector:pseudo-class {
                property: value;
             }
    
        1. :hover:
            Targets an element when the mouse pointer is over it.
            Commonly used for links and interactive elements to provide hover effects.
        2. :active:
            Targets an element when it is being activated (e.g., clicked).
            Useful for styling buttons and interactive elements during the click action.
        3. :focus:
            Targets an element when it gains focus, such as through keyboard navigation or clicking.
            Typically used for form elements to indicate user interaction.
        4. :visited:
            Targets links that have been visited by the user.
            Allows for styling visited links differently from unvisited ones.
            Note: Some styling restrictions apply for security reasons.
        5. :nth-child(n):
            Selects elements based on their position within a parent element.
            n can be a number or a formula (e.g., 2n for even elements).
            Useful for styling alternating rows in tables or specific items in a list.
        6. :nth-of-type(n):
            Similar to :nth-child(), but selects elements of a specific type (e.g., p:nth-of-type(odd)).
            Useful for targeting specific types of elements within a container.
        7. :not(selector):
            Selects elements that do not match the given selector.
            Useful for excluding specific elements from styling rules.
            Example: p:not(.special) selects all paragraphs except those with the class "special."
        8. :first-child and :last-child:
            Select the first and last child elements of a parent element, respectively.
            Helpful for styling elements at the beginning or end of a container.
        9. :only-child:
            Targets elements that are the only child of their parent.
            Useful for styling elements that are unique within a container.

:enabled 
:disabled 
:checked
:required
:optional


link pseudo selectors :
    a:link---> anchor tag which is a link 
    a:active --->  anchor tag when you click
    a:visited --> anchor tag which is already opened

input psudo selectors :
    input:required --> select inputs who have required flag
    input:optional --> select all inputs who don't have any required flag
    input:read-only ---> select all inputs who have readonly flag
    input:read-write ---> select all inputs who don't have any readonly flag
    input:disabled ---> select all inputs who have disabled flag
    input:enabled ---> select all inputs who don't have disabled flag
    input:hidden --> select hidden input elements

    div:empty --> select all divs who are empty
    div:nth-child(1) --> select div who is first child of their parent
    div:nth-of-type(1) --> select div who is first div for their parent
    div:nth-last-child(1) --> select div who is first child from last of their parent
    div:nth-lat-type-of-child(1) --> select div who is first child of div type from last of their parent

