CSS Box Model:
    The CSS Box Model is a fundamental concept in web design and layout. It defines how elements on a web page are structured and how their dimensions are calculated. It consists of four main components:

    Content: This is the actual content of the element, such as text, images, or other media.

    Padding: Padding is the space between the content and the element's border. It helps control the element's spacing from its border.

    Border: The border is a visible or invisible boundary around the padding and content. It can have a specified width, style, and color.

    Margin: Margin is the space between the element's border and other elements on the page. It creates spacing between elements.

    Box Model Properties:
    width and height: These properties set the width and height of the content area.

    padding: The padding property sets the padding around the content. You can specify padding values for individual sides (e.g., padding-top, padding-right) or shorthand (e.g., padding: 10px 20px).

    border: The border property sets the border around the padding and content. It includes properties like border-width, border-style, and border-color.

    margin: The margin property sets the margin around the border. Like padding, you can specify margin values for individual sides or shorthand.






Box Model:
    The box model describes how elements are rendered on a webpage, consisting of content, padding, border, and margin.

    Content: The actual content of the element, such as text or images.
                div {
                width: 200px;
                height: 100px;
                }

    Padding: Space between the content and the border.
                div {
                padding: 20px;
                }

    Border: A border surrounding the padding and content.
                div {
                border: 2px solid black;
                }

    Margin: Space outside the border, separating this element from other elements.
                div {
                margin: 10px;
                }